---
title: Changelog
---

## v1.33

* `[FTR]` "arrowNavigation" boolean has been added to the configuration, which indicates whether there is a possibility of navigation results with arrows.
* `[FIX]` Arrow movement has been improved (edge case of multiple columns combined with empty results in them).

## v1.32

* `[FTR]` onSelect(event, query, data) event on selecting particular results has been added.
* `[FIX]` Double-fire of onClick and onEnter events was removed.
* `[FIX]` generateHash() results reorder has been fixed.

## v1.31

* `[FTR]` Multiple init() calls are allowed.

## v1.30

* `[FIX]` Focus trap might be disabled properly.

## v1.29

* `[FIX]` New demo has been added.
* `[FIX]` Tabbing through the results has been improved.
* `[FIX]` Arrow movement through the results and input has been improved.
* `[FTR]` Focus trap has been added.
* `[FTR]` Focus trap escape (ESC button) has been added.
* `[FTR]` Focus trap close button has been added.

## v1.28

* `[FIX]` Partial query is picked properly as lowercase regardless of the input.

## v1.27

* `[FIX]` Accessibility "aria-expanded" is aligned with standards.

## v1.26

* `[FIX]` Case-sensitive data is returned in the highlighter module.

## v1.25

* `[FIX]` A matching call is made if the typed query is different than the result.

## v1.24

* `[FIX]` Concierge highlighter bug has been fixed.

## v1.23

* `[FIX]` A security update has been launched - now queries are encoded.

## v1.22

* `[FTR]` `beforeFetch` function has been replaced.

## v1.21

* `[FTR]` Full accessibility has been added.
* `[FIX]` Text is highlighted correctly.

## v1.20

* FBAC v1.20 is the first production-ready version that has been launched.



